README.md, before:

# 🎵 Vinylogger

A user-centric vinyl collection management app built for power users. A modern alternative to Discogs with a focus on mobile-first experience and intuitive workflows.

## ✨ Features

### Current
- **Swipe-based Dashboard** - Quick and engaging way to browse recent additions to your collection
- **Collection Management** - Organize and track your vinyl records with detailed information
- **Wantlist** - Keep track of records you're looking to add to your collection
- **Advanced Search** - Find records quickly with powerful filtering options
- **Detailed Release Views** - Comprehensive information about each record

### Coming Soon
- **User Feed** - Get notified when labels have in stock records from your wantlist
- **Social Features** - Discover new records through community recommendations
- **Enhanced Analytics** - Insights about your collection and listening habits

## 🚀 Tech Stack

**Frontend**
- **React** - UI library
- **Remix** - Full-stack web framework
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **shadcn/ui** - Re-usable component library
- **Vite** - Build tool and development server

**Architecture**
- Progressive Web App (PWA)
- Mobile-first and responsive design

## 🎯 Why Vinylogger?

Vinylogger was built from the ground up with power users in mind. While Discogs is a comprehensive database, Vinylogger focuses on:

- **Speed** - Optimized for fast navigation and quick actions
- **Mobile Experience** - Built mobile-first with touch interactions
- **User-Centric Design** - Workflows designed around how collectors actually use the app
- **Modern Stack** - Leveraging the latest web technologies for a smooth experience

## 🛠️ Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Vinylogger is currently still in development. Feedback and contributions are welcome!


## 🙏 Acknowledgments

Built with feedback from vinyl collecting enthusiasts and Discogs power users.

Commit message:

Update README with environment variable setup
Added instructions for setting up environment variables.

README.md, after:

# 🎵 Vinylogger

A user-centric vinyl collection management app built for power users. A modern alternative to Discogs with a focus on mobile-first experience and intuitive workflows.

## ✨ Features

### Current
- **Swipe-based Dashboard** - Quick and engaging way to browse recent additions to your collection
- **Collection Management** - Organize and track your vinyl records with detailed information
- **Wantlist** - Keep track of records you're looking to add to your collection
- **Advanced Search** - Find records quickly with powerful filtering options
- **Detailed Release Views** - Comprehensive information about each record

### Coming Soon
- **User Feed** - Get notified when labels have in stock records from your wantlist
- **Social Features** - Discover new records through community recommendations
- **Enhanced Analytics** - Insights about your collection and listening habits

## 🚀 Tech Stack

**Frontend**
- **React** - UI library
- **Remix** - Full-stack web framework
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **shadcn/ui** - Re-usable component library
- **Vite** - Build tool and development server

**Architecture**
- Progressive Web App (PWA)
- Mobile-first and responsive design

## 🎯 Why Vinylogger?

Vinylogger was built from the ground up with power users in mind. While Discogs is a comprehensive database, Vinylogger focuses on:

- **Speed** - Optimized for fast navigation and quick actions
- **Mobile Experience** - Built mobile-first with touch interactions
- **User-Centric Design** - Workflows designed around how collectors actually use the app
- **Modern Stack** - Leveraging the latest web technologies for a smooth experience

## 🛠️ Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up environment variables in .env (API keys to generate from Discogs)
DISCOGS_API_CONSUMER_KEY=your_consumer_key
DISCOGS_API_CONSUMER_SECRET=your_consumer_secret

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Vinylogger is currently still in development. Feedback and contributions are welcome!


## 🙏 Acknowledgments

Built with feedback from vinyl collecting enthusiasts and Discogs power users.
